A view of the city from high above. I can hear their prayers below.
A view of the city...
Go to the top of the Hefin Agility Course

Being open to Chaos can raise your defences. It may also bring you closer to death. Take a moment to bottle this feeling.
Being open to Chaos...
Create a Zamorak brew

Catching only one shark. That don't impress me much.
Catching only one...
Catch two sharks at once

Charm me and I shall unlock. But be brave in the darkness.
Charm me...
Catch a charming moth in the Wilderness

Corruption seeps from this stone but there are those who work to cleanse it. Lend your voice.
Corruption seeps...
Fully use a cleansing crystal in the Hefin district

Crossing the desert I met a crocodile. She gave me a dazzling smile but she had something in her teeth.
Crossing the desert...
Catch a plover bird south of Sophanem

Ernie once mentioned to me a secret to improve my cooking. His idea was strong but I went the extra mile.
Ernie once mentioned...
Add a fire rune to a decorated cooking urn

Head protection is never a bad thing. Make it from rune for the best chance of survival.
Head protection is...
Smith a rune helm or full helm

I have all the ingredients for soup but sometimes a simple meal tastes the best.
I have all the...
Cook a raw shark, rocktail, or sailfish

In a station of power someone requires assistance. Do a good deed to spread some happiness.
In a station of...
Help Turgall at the Dorgesh-Kaan Agility Course

I once met a man returning from market. He showed me the spoils of his day. It's precious to see what people pay for.
I once met a man...
Steal from the Ardougne Gem Stall

I once met an ancient warrior who told me tales of his adventures. His eyes lit up as he spoke.
I once met an ancient...
Burn some elder logs

Keeping all your gold together. That's a good idea. It shall be mine.
Keeping all your gold...
Mine a concentrated gold deposit in the Living Rock Caverns

Magical energy floats unleashed. The fluid of life that flows through us all. Span the gap to capture this energy.
Magical energy floats...
Siphon blood runes in the Runespan

Round and round we go, burning, burning all aglow.
Round and round...
Burn a curly root in the Jadinko lair

Rowdy Unruly Boisterous I am pie.
Rowdy Unruly...
Cook a wild pie from scratch

Rumors of a great shark continue to spread. Catch me one and I will be fed.
Rumors of a great...
Catch a great white shark

Stare into the flames for long enough and you may see something you didn't realise was there.
Stare into the flames...
Burn some magic logs

Take the journey to a distant mining site. Become a blight to your foes.
Take the journey...
Smelt a bane bar at a furnace

The crystals tempt most however, there are other riches to gain for the quick-fingered.
The crystals tempt...
Pickpocket a Prifddinas worker

The God of Order requires a sacrifice of strength but in return restores me. If only we could keep that feeling in his absence.
The God of Order...
Create a Saradomin brew

The spell struck me in the chest. Perhaps if I had worn armour today. Black looks better than red.
The spell struck...
Craft a black dragonhide body

There are those who prove themselves and become a beacon of light in the darkness. Come to the crystal city and become that figure.
There are those who...
Use Light Form in Prifddinas

There is a temple where there are rivers of red. Bind the magic to get ahead.
There is a temple...
Craft some blood runes at the Blood Altar

Those things I once held dear continue to fade. I look upon her face and barely know who she is. But her eyes... They are still so radiant.
Those things I once...
Harvest a radiant memory on Dragontooth Island

When I encountered this individual, she had more rings than any I had seen before.
When I encountered...
Chop some elder logs

Where there is Light there is also Death. Should you contain this you may progress.
Where there is Light...
Craft some death runes at the Death Altar